How to install Rmagick on Windows - On Demand - Confluence - PG Wiki Tool  
      Dashboard > On Demand > ...Home > On Demand Community > Whohar Technical 
      Resources > How to install Rmagick on Windows     
              On Demand Welcome Roy Shi | History | Preferences | Log Out      
              How to install Rmagick on Windows 

       Browse Space    Add Page    Add News View Edit Attachments (0) Info 
                  Added by Allen Zheng, last edited by George Secillano on Sep 
                  14, 2007 
                  Labels: (None) EDIT 



                        Add Labels 
                        Enter labels to add to this page:
                          
                        Tip: Looking for a label? Just start typing. 
                    

            If you have installed the old version of RMagick, please uninstall 
            it at first.
              Download the latest version of RMagick from here\  (version 1.15.9 
              when I write this guide). 
              Unzip the download file into a temporary folder. 
              Execute the .exe install file in the temporary folder. Remember to 
              select the option "Update executable search path." during the 
              installation. 
              Open a command console and change the current directory to the 
              above temporary folder. 
              Check your gem version: gem --version. If you gem version is below 
              0.9.4 please update it: gem update --system 
              Install RMagick gem: gem install rmagick --local  You could now 
              see successful installation message! 
            At present, I comment the codes (require 'RMagick') in 
            vendor\plugins\stable\lib\upload_column.rb, so when whohar system 
            starts it will not load rmagick library. If you install ramgick 
            successfully, uncomment the above codes and restart the system, then 
            you could use the user-avatar upload function in whohar project.
             Add Comment 



Powered by Atlassian Confluence, the Enterprise Wiki. (Version: 2.2.7 Build:#524 
Jul 28, 2006) - Bug/feature request - Contact Administrators 
