RDT - Ruby Development Tools: Download
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

      Ruby Development Tools 

Download 
      Choose a build stream 
      Depending on your usage of RDT you can choose between three build streams: 

        Releases: Regular RDT releases 
        Integration builds: Builds which are not stable enough to be released 
        but include new features which are worthwhile to be looked at. Release 
        Candidates and Release are published into this stream. 
        Nightly builds: The latest nightly build, the cutting-edge of RDT 
        development. Usually you do not want to use this. However, it might be 
        useful if you know about certain features or bug fixes which have been 
        done in CVS but are not yet part of the latest release. As common for 
        this kind of build, there is no guarantee of the quality of this build. 
        A hint of the quality of this build gives the result of the (PDE) unit 
        test suite. Use it only if you are prepared to face troubles and are 
        willing to report problems to the forum or mailing list. If you have 
        created a ruby project with a stable version of RDT before, there might 
        be updates necessary in order to open you project. Downgrading a ruby 
        project to a stable version might also be cumbersome. 


      Using the Eclipse Update Manager 

        Choose HelpSoftware UpdatesFind and Install 
        In the dialog choose "Search for new features to install" and push next 
        Select "New Remote Site" and add one of the following URL's depending on 
        the build stream you want to follow: 
          http://updatesite.rubypeople.org/release for release builds 
          http://updatesite.rubypeople.org/integration for integration builds 
          including release builds and release candidates 
          http://updatesite.rubypeople.org/nightly for the latest nightly build 
        Check RDT and push next 
        Select the feature org.rubypeople.rdt and push next. RDT will be 
        installed and be available after restart. 
      Automatic updates 
      Go to WindowPreferences...Install/UpdateAutomatic Updates and check to 
      automatically find new updates.
      There are restrictions for automatic updates: not every update will be 
      handeled automatically. E.g a major release update (e.g. from 1.0.0 to 
      2.0.0) can not be done automatically. In order to have service releases 
      handled (e.g. from 0.6.0 to 0.7.0) go to 
      WindowPreferences...Install/Update and set valid updates to 'compatible'. 
      Download the zipped plugin 

      It is recommended to use the update manager for installing RDT. The 
      alternative is to download the zip file and extract it into the eclipse 
      installation directory. The zip files of integration and release builds 
      are available at Sourceforge.net's RDT Files section.
      Past releases are available here as well.
      Download the nightly build zip from the nightly build site.
